Brilliant.
We know how to work with background size property.
So what's next.
Then we have the background position and as you can see I already did the misspelling.
So let me make this correct.
And now what we're gonna do.
Well here we're gonna be changing the position of the background image.
And as always it's just gonna be much more easier for us to actually test that out instead of spending
three hours talking about it.
I will gonna do a little bit of spring cleaning though I will gonna get rid of this background repeat
as well as this background size cover for the second one.
I also would like to set background nor repeat for a second guy and we'll get right back on repeat and
we're not going to be repeating.
Now here we're gonna be testing out pretty much everything on a small one.
But once in a while then I check the big one just so we would want to see the differences and let's
say here background we're looking for position and then we have the percentages values the pixel values
but we also have straight up text now for the text.
Let's start with the most basic one which is gonna be exactly in the center.
So if I'm gonna write center.
Notice what happens now the background medium is sitting in the center.
And again the difference between the small one and the big one is that obviously with the small and
we can see where I'm just sitting with the big one.
That image is still gonna be covering the whole div.
However the positioning of the image is going to change.
Now in order to show you that we're going to do background again we're looking for position and then
here we're gonna be placing in the center and now pay attention the moment I'm gonna save it.
The background image is gonna shift a little bit because now this is gonna be the center of the image
and again I'm going to be testing out on both of them because I already we have an idea.
So I'm just going to be testing I'll hold a small one because this is going to be clear where the image
is gonna be sitting.
But just please understand that the same changes would be affected within the big image.
However the difference would be that the big image is still going to be covering the whole div since
obviously we have a background size set to cover.
Now let me save it and now let's look at the other options and you know what maybe let's leave the center
panel just gonna add background position few more time so I'm gonna say back in position and we have
an option of bottom on how this is going to be sitting at the bottom.
I'm going to copy this.
I'm going to say left.
So now the image is gonna be left and we have background position and obviously we have an option of
right.
And sure enough this is gonna be sitting in right.
And then we have the top.
So background position and then we're looking at the top point and sure enough yeah it's sitting here
exactly on top.
All right.
So far so good.
So we have covered the name positioning and you know what.
Maybe let me just make this one smaller because I think we'll going to be able to see everything.
And now I would like to delete them because again you're not gonna be able to see them very clearly
anyway in your text editor if you're looking for suggestions.
So let me delete them and let's work right now with percentages.
Now what's happening with percentages.
We have an option of working with a y value and the x value.
Now that is gonna be obviously the Axis whatever this is gonna be x axis then why X not a beginning
we start again by default.
And that would be 0 0.
So originally if I'm gonna comment this out this is gonna be exactly the same position.
However here we can change these positioning.
So let me again.
I don't know why I'm saying here.
And let's say that I would want to place it 20 percent on the x axis and then 20 percent on the y axis.
So how this is gonna work.
Well I'm going to say 20 percent.
And the moment I'm going to save it.
Notice it moved 20 percent on the x axis.
We also have an option like I said for the y axis.
So if we're going to go 50 percent now this is gonna be 50 percent on a Y axis and that way we can really
manipulate the image.
However we would like.
So if I'm gonna go all the way to 100 let's say something like this and something like this.
This is obviously going to be sitting right up here.
Now I cannot again tell you which exactly properties you're gonna be using throughout this course most
likely all the time we're going to be settling basically for standing in the center.
Now if you don't like how your image looks in the center hours they just understand that you would need
to change the background position and you're gonna be good to go.